README.md, before:

# Goth
Google + Auth = Goth

A simple library to generate and retrieve OAuth2 tokens for use with Google Cloud Service accounts.

It can either retrieve tokens using service account credentials or from Google's metadata service for applications running on Google Cloud Platform.

## Installation

1. Add Goth to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:
  ```elixir
  def deps do
    [{:goth, "~> 0.1.4"}]
  end
  ```

2. Ensure Goth is started before your application:
  ```elixir
  def application do
    [applications: [:goth]]
  end
  ```

3. Pass in your credentials json downloaded from your GCE account:
  ```elixir
  config :goth,
    json: "path/to/google/json/creds.json" |> File.read!
  ```

You can skip the last step if your application will run on a GCP or GKE instance with appropriate permissions.

## Usage

### Retrieve a token:
Call `Token.for_scope/1` passing in a string of scopes, separated by a space:
```elixir
alias Goth.Token
{:ok, token} = Token.for_scope("https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub")
#=>
  %Goth.Token{
    expires: 1453356568,
    token: "ya29.cALlJ4ICWRvMkYB-WsAR-CZnExE459PA7QPqKg5nei9y2T9-iqmbcgxq8XrTATNn_BPim",
    type: "Bearer"
  }
```

Commit message:

Note in the README that you can use an ENV var for the config

README.md, after:

# Goth
Google + Auth = Goth

A simple library to generate and retrieve OAuth2 tokens for use with Google Cloud Service accounts.

It can either retrieve tokens using service account credentials or from Google's metadata service for applications running on Google Cloud Platform.

## Installation

1. Add Goth to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:
  ```elixir
  def deps do
    [{:goth, "~> 0.1.4"}]
  end
  ```

2. Ensure Goth is started before your application:
  ```elixir
  def application do
    [applications: [:goth]]
  end
  ```

3. Pass in your credentials json downloaded from your GCE account:
  ```elixir
  config :goth,
    json: "path/to/google/json/creds.json" |> File.read!
  ```
  
  Or, via an ENV var:
  ```elixir
  config :goth, json: {:system, "GCP_CREDENTIALS"}}
  ```

You can skip the last step if your application will run on a GCP or GKE instance with appropriate permissions.

## Usage

### Retrieve a token:
Call `Token.for_scope/1` passing in a string of scopes, separated by a space:
```elixir
alias Goth.Token
{:ok, token} = Token.for_scope("https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub")
#=>
  %Goth.Token{
    expires: 1453356568,
    token: "ya29.cALlJ4ICWRvMkYB-WsAR-CZnExE459PA7QPqKg5nei9y2T9-iqmbcgxq8XrTATNn_BPim",
    type: "Bearer"
  }
```
